Show how to verify installation after building from source (#1424)
mongodb/mongo-php-driver: CONTRIBUTING.md

make clean > /dev/null && make all > /dev/null && make install
```

> To verify that the installation was successful, run the following command which indicates the version of the installed
> extension. It must end with `-dev` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that the installation was successful, run the following command, which
will report `phpinfo()` output for the extension:
```

A few changes here:

 * Applying 80-character wrap for consistency with other lines
 * Added comma before "which" (see: [grammar rules](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/comma-before-which/))
 * Referred to `phpinfo()` since that's directly what `--ri` reports. We can optionally added "(including its version)" but I don't think it's necessary for this audience.
 * Even before the previous change, I was going to suggest removing the bit about the `-dev` suffix as these are general rules for building from source. Even though the shell example above starts with a fresh git clone, these are the same instructions one might follow when building a tag from source. This is basically a local copy of [Building the MongoDB PHP Driver from source ](https://www.php.net/manual/en/mongodb.installation.manual.php) in the PHP.net docs.

```

> php --ri mongodb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ php --ri mongodb
```

For consistency with earlier shell snippets.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not sure if the extra line was intentional, but other sections use a single break before the next title. I'm open to changing this but if so we should just do it across the entire file (same PR or a different is OK by me).

> php -r "echo (new ReflectionExtension('mongodb'))->getVersion();"

Reviewer 2: It might also be sensible to point out `php --ri mongodb`, which will print the MongoDB extension portion of phpinfo, including the build configuration (e.g. libmongoc/libmongocrypt versions being used).

Author: That's much better. 
```
php --ri mongodb

mongodb

MongoDB support => enabled
MongoDB extension version => 1.16.0-dev
MongoDB extension stability => devel
libbson bundled version => 1.24.0-20230504+git89717a3beb
libmongoc bundled version => 1.24.0-20230504+git89717a3beb
libmongoc SSL => enabled
libmongoc SSL library => Secure Transport
libmongoc crypto => enabled
libmongoc crypto library => Common Crypto
libmongoc crypto system profile => disabled
libmongoc SASL => enabled
libmongoc ICU => disabled
libmongoc compression => enabled
libmongoc compression snappy => disabled
libmongoc compression zlib => enabled
libmongoc compression zstd => enabled
libmongocrypt bundled version => 1.8.0-alpha0
libmongocrypt crypto => enabled
libmongocrypt crypto library => Common Crypto
crypt_shared library version => unknown

Directive => Local Value => Master Value
mongodb.debug => no value => no value
```

make clean > /dev/null && make all > /dev/null && make install
```

The compiled extension will be generated into `./.libs/`.
You can load the extension and check the version using the php command line.

```
php -d extension=$(pwd)/.libs/mongodb.so -r "echo (new ReflectionExtension('mongodb'))->getVersion();"
```

For larger tests, configure the extension in your `php.ini` file.

```ini
extension="<replace-with-absolute-project-path>/mongo-php-driver/.libs/mongodb.so"

> ```

Reviewer 2: What's the advantage of this over `make install`?

Author: Nothing. I missed that part of the command when running step by step.
